README WINDOWS

This file contains additional information on how to build FontRenderer on
Microsoft Windows based systems.

PRECOMPILED BINARIES

A binary version licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
(GPL)  can be obtained from the project's web site, see the downloads section.

LIBRARIES

FreeType 2
The FreeType 2 library is required to build this project. A copy of FreeType 2
can be obtained from http://www.freetype.org/. Precompileld binaries distributed
under the GPL-License are part of the GnuWin32 Project, see
http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/freetype.htm for download URIs.
Additionally, the original FreeType 2 package contains a build environment for
use with Microsoft Visual Studio.

Gnu GetOpt
The command line handling is done using getopt_long as part of the Gnu-Version
of GetOpt. Thus, a Windows port of GetOpt is required. A version that has been
found working can be downloaded from the following ressource:
http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/157001/Full-getopt-Port
A working getopt.dll can be compiled using the Visual Studio projects published
at above ressource.

ICU - International Components for Unicode
Strings in UTF8-Encoding are parsed using the ICU Library. Binary distributions
and header files can be obtained from http://site.icu-project.org/. You can use
the font "Arial Unicode MS" (C:\Windows\Fonts\arialuni.ttf) to display the
following Japanese test string: 計算幾何学. Note, that UTF8 input must be
enabled at compile time by setting the preprocessor flag USE_UTF8.

DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENT

Eclipse CDT
We use the Eclipse CDT Environment in junction with Microsoft Visual Studio as
compiler to build the individual object files and link the executable.
Unfortunately, at the current time the Eclipse tool chain detection seems to
fail detecting the Visual Studio environment variables. Thus, the Visual Studio
command line tool is used to set up those settings. An example command line to
start Eclipse, assuming all programs are installed in their default folders, is
"C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0\VC\vcvarsall.bat" x86
"C:\Program Files\eclipse\eclipse"

